pub/resources/index.rst, before:

💡 Resources
============

.. article-info::
    :author: `Veit Schiele <https://github.com/veit/>`_
    :date: 6 January 2023
    :read-time: <1 min

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: Practical Data Privacy

        by Katharine Jarmul

        .. image:: practical-data-privacy.png
            :alt: «Practical Data Privacy. An Introduction to Privacy Technology
                  futures» by Katharine Jarmul

        :download:`PDF, 48.5 KB <practical-data-privacy.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Copyright, Software Licenses and Python

        by Tobias Schlauch

        .. image:: 2022-09-07_copyright-software-licenses-and-python.png
            :alt: «Copyright, Software Licenses and Python»
                  by Tobias Schlauch

        :download:`PDF, 1.6 MB <2022-09-07_copyright-software-licenses-and-python.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Protect intellectual property

        by Michael Meinel

        .. image:: ip-in-python.png
            :alt: «Keeping your Intellectual Property Safe with Python Software»
                  by Michael Meinel

        :download:`PDF, 1.0 MB <ip-in-python.pdf>`

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: asyncio and friends

        by Travis Hathaway

        .. image:: asyncio-friends.png
            :alt: «asyncio and friends» by Travis Hathaway

        :download:`PDF, 251 KB <AsyncIO_ Python Users Berlin.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: sqlparse

        by Andi Albrecht

        .. image:: sqlparse_pub_2021-08-04.png
            :alt: «sqlparse – a short introduction» by Andi Albrecht

        :download:`PDF, 144 KB <sqlparse_pub_2021-08-04.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Sending million Pushes

        by Trung Phan

        .. image:: sending-million-pushes.png
            :alt: «Sending million Pushes» by Trung Phan

        :download:`PDF, 852 KB <sending-million-pushes.pdf>`

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: Great Expectations

        by Sam Bail

        .. image:: great-expectations.png
            :alt: «Great Expectations & The Wonderfull World of Data Quality Tools in Python» by Sam Bail

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB
        <Great Expectations - Python Users Berlin - Nov 2020.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Deta – zero to cloud micro-app

        by Max Eusterbrock

        .. image:: deta-pub-slides.png
            :alt: «Deta – zero to cloud micro-app in 300ms» by Max Eusterbrock

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB <deta-pub-slides.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Building Python Projects

        by Dr. Cristián Maureira-Fredes

        .. image:: maureira-fredes_building-python-projects.png
            :alt: «Building Python Projects – PEP 517 & PEP518 to the rescue» by Dr. Cristián Maureira-Fredes

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB
        <maureira-fredes_building-python-projects.pdf>`

Commit message:

:memo: Add «How to teach Python» slides

pub/resources/index.rst, after:

💡 Resources
============

.. article-info::
    :author: `Veit Schiele <https://github.com/veit/>`_
    :date: 12 January 2023
    :read-time: <1 min

.. grid:: 1

    .. grid-item-card:: How to teach Python

        by Kristian Rother

        .. image:: teaching-python.png
            :alt: «How to teach Python» by Kristian Rother

        :download:`PDF, 971 KB <teaching_python.pdf>`

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: Practical Data Privacy

        by Katharine Jarmul

        .. image:: practical-data-privacy.png
            :alt: «Practical Data Privacy. An Introduction to Privacy Technology
                  futures» by Katharine Jarmul

        :download:`PDF, 48.5 KB <practical-data-privacy.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Copyright, Software Licenses and Python

        by Tobias Schlauch

        .. image:: 2022-09-07_copyright-software-licenses-and-python.png
            :alt: «Copyright, Software Licenses and Python»
                  by Tobias Schlauch

        :download:`PDF, 1.6 MB <2022-09-07_copyright-software-licenses-and-python.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Protect intellectual property

        by Michael Meinel

        .. image:: ip-in-python.png
            :alt: «Keeping your Intellectual Property Safe with Python Software»
                  by Michael Meinel

        :download:`PDF, 1.0 MB <ip-in-python.pdf>`

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: asyncio and friends

        by Travis Hathaway

        .. image:: asyncio-friends.png
            :alt: «asyncio and friends» by Travis Hathaway

        :download:`PDF, 251 KB <AsyncIO_ Python Users Berlin.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: sqlparse

        by Andi Albrecht

        .. image:: sqlparse_pub_2021-08-04.png
            :alt: «sqlparse – a short introduction» by Andi Albrecht

        :download:`PDF, 144 KB <sqlparse_pub_2021-08-04.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Sending million Pushes

        by Trung Phan

        .. image:: sending-million-pushes.png
            :alt: «Sending million Pushes» by Trung Phan

        :download:`PDF, 852 KB <sending-million-pushes.pdf>`

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: Great Expectations

        by Sam Bail

        .. image:: great-expectations.png
            :alt: «Great Expectations & The Wonderfull World of Data Quality Tools in Python» by Sam Bail

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB
        <Great Expectations - Python Users Berlin - Nov 2020.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Deta – zero to cloud micro-app

        by Max Eusterbrock

        .. image:: deta-pub-slides.png
            :alt: «Deta – zero to cloud micro-app in 300ms» by Max Eusterbrock

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB <deta-pub-slides.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Building Python Projects

        by Dr. Cristián Maureira-Fredes

        .. image:: maureira-fredes_building-python-projects.png
            :alt: «Building Python Projects – PEP 517 & PEP518 to the rescue» by Dr. Cristián Maureira-Fredes

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB
        <maureira-fredes_building-python-projects.pdf>`
