docs/pub/resources/index.rst, before:

💡 Resources
============

.. article-info::
    :author: `Veit Schiele <https://github.com/veit/>`_
    :date: 12 September 2024
    :read-time: 1–2 min

.. grid:: 1

    .. grid-item-card:: Let’s spark children’s interest in coding

       by Matthias Kirschner

       .. image:: ada-zangemann.png
          :alt: Let’s spark children’s interest in coding

       :download:`PDF, 45,4 MB <ada-zangemann.pdf>`

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: zopyx-fastapi-auth – An opinionated authentication
       solution for FastAPI

       by Andreas Jung

       .. image:: fastapi-auth.png
          :alt: «zopyx-fastapi-auth – An opinionated authentication solution
                for FastAPI» by Andreas Jung

       :download:`PDF, 6.0 MB <fastapi-auth.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: pyOpenSci – Diverse Community Around the Open Tools that
        Drive Open Science

        by Leah Wasser

        .. image:: pyOS-pyberlin-meetup-overview-june-7-2023.png
            :alt: «pyOpenSci – Diverse Community Around the Open Tools that
                  Drive Open Science» by Leah Wasser

        :download:`PDF, 4.8 MB
        <pyOS-pyberlin-meetup-overview-june-7-2023.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Pyodide – A Python distribution for the browser

        by Roman Yurchak

        .. image:: pyodide_pub_2023-04-13.png
            :alt: «Pyodide – A Python distribution for the browser» by Roman Yurchak

        :download:`PDF, 1.3 MB
        <pyodide_pub_2023-04-13.pdf>`

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: Writing plugin-friendly applications in Python

        by Travis Hathaway

        .. image:: writing-plugin-friendly-applications-in-python.png
            :alt: «Writing plugin-friendly applications in Python» by Travis Hathaway

        :download:`PDF, 1.8 MB
        <writing-plugin-friendly-applications-in-python.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: How to teach Python

        by Kristian Rother

        .. image:: teaching-python.png
            :alt: «How to teach Python» by Kristian Rother

        :download:`PDF, 971 KB <teaching_python.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Practical Data Privacy

        by Katharine Jarmul

        .. image:: practical-data-privacy.png
            :alt: «Practical Data Privacy. An Introduction to Privacy Technology
                  futures» by Katharine Jarmul

        :download:`PDF, 754 KB <practical-data-privacy.pdf>`

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: Copyright, Software Licenses and Python

        by Tobias Schlauch

        .. image:: 2022-09-07_copyright-software-licenses-and-python.png
            :alt: «Copyright, Software Licenses and Python»
                  by Tobias Schlauch

        :download:`PDF, 1.6 MB <2022-09-07_copyright-software-licenses-and-python.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Protect intellectual property

        by Michael Meinel

        .. image:: ip-in-python.png
            :alt: «Keeping your Intellectual Property Safe with Python Software»
                  by Michael Meinel

        :download:`PDF, 1.0 MB <ip-in-python.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: asyncio and friends

        by Travis Hathaway

        .. image:: asyncio-friends.png
            :alt: «asyncio and friends» by Travis Hathaway

        :download:`PDF, 251 KB <AsyncIO_ Python Users Berlin.pdf>`

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: sqlparse

        by Andi Albrecht

        .. image:: sqlparse_pub_2021-08-04.png
            :alt: «sqlparse – a short introduction» by Andi Albrecht

        :download:`PDF, 144 KB <sqlparse_pub_2021-08-04.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Sending million Pushes

        by Trung Phan

        .. image:: sending-million-pushes.png
            :alt: «Sending million Pushes» by Trung Phan

        :download:`PDF, 852 KB <sending-million-pushes.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Great Expectations

        by Sam Bail

        .. image:: great-expectations.png
            :alt: «Great Expectations & The Wonderfull World of Data Quality Tools in Python» by Sam Bail

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB
        <Great Expectations - Python Users Berlin - Nov 2020.pdf>`

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: Rust for Pythonistas

        by Christian Kauhaus

        .. image:: rust-for-pythonistas.png
            :alt: «Rust for Pythonistas» by Christian Kauhaus

        :download:`PDF, 3.1 MB
        <Rust-for-Pythonistas.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Deta – zero to cloud micro-app

        by Max Eusterbrock

        .. image:: deta-pub-slides.png
            :alt: «Deta – zero to cloud micro-app in 300ms» by Max Eusterbrock

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB <deta-pub-slides.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Building Python Projects

        by Dr. Cristián Maureira-Fredes

        .. image:: maureira-fredes_building-python-projects.png
            :alt: «Building Python Projects – PEP 517 & PEP518 to the rescue» by Dr. Cristián Maureira-Fredes

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB
        <maureira-fredes_building-python-projects.pdf>`

Commit message:

:memo: Add itertools.tee
* Simplify ReST syntax

docs/pub/resources/index.rst, after:

💡 Resources
============

.. article-info::
    :author: `Veit Schiele <https://github.com/veit/>`_
    :date: 13 February 2026
    :read-time: 1–2 min

.. grid:: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: The paradox of itertools.tee

       by Rodrigo Girão Serrão

       .. image:: itertools-tee.png
          :alt: The paradox of itertools.tee

       :download:`PDF, 8,6 MB <itertools-tee.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Let’s spark children’s interest in coding

       by Matthias Kirschner

       .. image:: ada-zangemann.png
          :alt: Let’s spark children’s interest in coding

       :download:`PDF, 45,4 MB <ada-zangemann.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: zopyx-fastapi-auth – An opinionated authentication
       solution for FastAPI

       by Andreas Jung

       .. image:: fastapi-auth.png
          :alt: «zopyx-fastapi-auth – An opinionated authentication solution
                for FastAPI» by Andreas Jung

       :download:`PDF, 6.0 MB <fastapi-auth.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: pyOpenSci – Diverse Community Around the Open Tools that
        Drive Open Science

        by Leah Wasser

        .. image:: pyOS-pyberlin-meetup-overview-june-7-2023.png
            :alt: «pyOpenSci – Diverse Community Around the Open Tools that
                  Drive Open Science» by Leah Wasser

        :download:`PDF, 4.8 MB
        <pyOS-pyberlin-meetup-overview-june-7-2023.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Pyodide – A Python distribution for the browser

        by Roman Yurchak

        .. image:: pyodide_pub_2023-04-13.png
            :alt: «Pyodide – A Python distribution for the browser» by Roman Yurchak

        :download:`PDF, 1.3 MB
        <pyodide_pub_2023-04-13.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Writing plugin-friendly applications in Python

        by Travis Hathaway

        .. image:: writing-plugin-friendly-applications-in-python.png
            :alt: «Writing plugin-friendly applications in Python» by Travis Hathaway

        :download:`PDF, 1.8 MB
        <writing-plugin-friendly-applications-in-python.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: How to teach Python

        by Kristian Rother

        .. image:: teaching-python.png
            :alt: «How to teach Python» by Kristian Rother

        :download:`PDF, 971 KB <teaching_python.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Practical Data Privacy

        by Katharine Jarmul

        .. image:: practical-data-privacy.png
            :alt: «Practical Data Privacy. An Introduction to Privacy Technology
                  futures» by Katharine Jarmul

        :download:`PDF, 754 KB <practical-data-privacy.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Copyright, Software Licenses and Python

        by Tobias Schlauch

        .. image:: 2022-09-07_copyright-software-licenses-and-python.png
            :alt: «Copyright, Software Licenses and Python»
                  by Tobias Schlauch

        :download:`PDF, 1.6 MB <2022-09-07_copyright-software-licenses-and-python.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Protect intellectual property

        by Michael Meinel

        .. image:: ip-in-python.png
            :alt: «Keeping your Intellectual Property Safe with Python Software»
                  by Michael Meinel

        :download:`PDF, 1.0 MB <ip-in-python.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: asyncio and friends

        by Travis Hathaway

        .. image:: asyncio-friends.png
            :alt: «asyncio and friends» by Travis Hathaway

        :download:`PDF, 251 KB <AsyncIO_ Python Users Berlin.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: sqlparse

        by Andi Albrecht

        .. image:: sqlparse_pub_2021-08-04.png
            :alt: «sqlparse – a short introduction» by Andi Albrecht

        :download:`PDF, 144 KB <sqlparse_pub_2021-08-04.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Sending million Pushes

        by Trung Phan

        .. image:: sending-million-pushes.png
            :alt: «Sending million Pushes» by Trung Phan

        :download:`PDF, 852 KB <sending-million-pushes.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Great Expectations

        by Sam Bail

        .. image:: great-expectations.png
            :alt: «Great Expectations & The Wonderfull World of Data Quality Tools in Python» by Sam Bail

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB
        <Great Expectations - Python Users Berlin - Nov 2020.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Rust for Pythonistas

        by Christian Kauhaus

        .. image:: rust-for-pythonistas.png
            :alt: «Rust for Pythonistas» by Christian Kauhaus

        :download:`PDF, 3.1 MB
        <Rust-for-Pythonistas.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Deta – zero to cloud micro-app

        by Max Eusterbrock

        .. image:: deta-pub-slides.png
            :alt: «Deta – zero to cloud micro-app in 300ms» by Max Eusterbrock

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB <deta-pub-slides.pdf>`

    .. grid-item-card:: Building Python Projects

        by Dr. Cristián Maureira-Fredes

        .. image:: maureira-fredes_building-python-projects.png
            :alt: «Building Python Projects – PEP 517 & PEP518 to the rescue» by Dr. Cristián Maureira-Fredes

        :download:`PDF, 1.4 MB
        <maureira-fredes_building-python-projects.pdf>`
